the 2011 teen masters tournament in
Maple Shade New Jersey this is Jackie
bowling with the powerhouse report with
meet Erin gray Taryn you have had great
last couple days on the long and short
pattern tell us about your experience so
far teen masters yesterday the long
pattern was very difficult but today it
was more difficult than yesterday but
you just have to work with your
conditions and try to boil the best you
can possibly do well you did a great job
tell us your experience with teen
masters in the past last year it was in
reno nevada and i got fists I was 24
pins out of the kit so it was kind of
disappointing but it was exciting for my
first year well it sounds like you're
coming back and tearing up the the field
out there and proven yourself this year
what would it mean to you this year to
get to your next round and totally
bypass match play and go straight to
Grand Central Station think it'd be
really neat just to be able to bowl in
Grand Central Station just because of
the experience and being and just having
a good time in New York and I think it'd
be cool because there's a lot of people
there that probably don't Bowl that just
want to see the sport and I want to
preview thing that bowling is a sport
well that is fabulous I love that answer
so we look forward to the rest of your
bowling turn and good luck to you thank
you we are here with Morgan O'Brien
champion from last year's team masters
for the ladies high school division
Morgan you're sitting third place right
now give us a recap on your last two
days out here um I went minus fifty
three yesterday and fifty six today I'm
didn't really pull my best mr. couples
stupid spares but in the end my
fundamentals were okay so ended up in
third place well Beth is great bowling
anyway still you're only seven pins
outside of the cut for the first two
places that would go sales straight
through match play on to Grand Central
Station what's your plan for tomorrow's
block to get to one of those one or two
spots I plan on going plus tomorrow I
like that attitude I like that attitude
now you won last year you're defending
champ you actually got to bowl the world
series of bowling last year in Las Vegas
tell us your experience
that that was a lot of fun metal I know
cool people um actually made pretty good
friends with one saw mall in Las Vegas
for junior gold and I would it was fun
you had fun well that's great well we
look forward to your bowling at tomorrow
and hopefully making that number one or
two spot what would it mean to you to
get to that one or two spot and go
straight to Grand Central and bowl I'd
be really excited um I don't know what
else to say you don't know what else is
a well that's okay well we look forward
to your bowling and good luck to you
thank you with me we have the leader of
the 14 and under boys division Wesley
low junior Wesley you have had a great
couple days here in maple shade tell us
about a long pattern yesterday and short
pattern today um the long was a little
difficult you're you had to really get
inside and make sure you get the ball to
the pocket short was easier I was
playing it right but I didn't have
problems because I wasn't getting the
ball for my hand both days okay well
you're still doing quite well you're on
top of the leaderboard tell us about
your experience here with teen masters
the last couple years um my first year
wasn't that great of I didn't feel like
I was doing the ball good and I was just
I don't know I was hired and everything
went wrong but last year I led after the
first few days and I was doing the ball
really good but had a problem with mix
patterns and ended up fourth because I
was having problems on that TV pair last
year for extra frame now we understand
you are a unique type of blur tell us
your style um I'm two-handed left-handed
and I put my thumb in the ball which not
a lot of people do at all you don't see
a person that's doing I put their thumb
in the ball you don't see them
left-handed either but you don't see
none of that except maybe just 200 a
right-handed well you're fabulous boy
I've got to watch the last two days now
going into you have one more block left
and that's tomorrow say you do just as
well have you been doing what would if
what would it mean to you to go straight
sail right through match play and ghost
to Grand Central without any match play
it actually really neat because I get to
rest about two days before I had to both
the finals and I don't have to worry
about being tired especially because
I've had to travel a long time and I've
been just got off of gold so I'm pretty
tired from that too all right well we
look forward to the rest of your bowling
tomorrow and hopefully for the rest of
this week Thank You Wesley well
powerhouse equipment training coaching
for more information on the official PBA
locker room supplier visit powerhouse
bowling calm for the powerhouse support
this is Jackie bowling extra frame